{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I believe that I accomplished everything that I set out to do with my game I was bale to include combat, tricky puzzles and an immersive experience that might take multiple tries until the player can win the game. One of the problems I was getting stuck on was the combat system. I was trying to use a plugin to help me with it but no matter how much effort I put into fixing the old code I just couldn\'92t get it to work. What ended up happening is that I had to find a game with combat from the list of games Mr. Kiang gave us to try and fix the combat system so that it would be correctly implemented and fit with the game. My first puzzles objective is to get rid of a tribesman blocking the entrance to the puzzle. TO do this you must craft a poisonous dart rm a flower that can only be harvested when the player is wearing gloves then throwing the dart at the tribesman. The second puzzle is somewhat of a key code puzzle. The player is stuck in a room with a picture and a set of buttons. In order to get out they must decipher the picture and decide which buttons to press. The last puzzle is to obtain the treasure. You must switch the golden totem for a sandbag filled with sand in order to not be killed and escape with the treasure. My game includes the possibility for the player to take several different paths and end up at the same or different ending. There is only one correct ending, but you are allowed to just undo if you do not get the ending you want to, that way the allure dynamic is being used to increase the quality of the game. Unfortunately, I was unable to have anyone beta test my game because I was absent during the the in class beta testing games an  was traveling almost consistently through New York, Oregon, and California while I was gone. I am most proud of the first puzzle because I feel that it is really complicated and takes some deep thought to try and piece together everything you have to do. If I could o this differently next time I would do the descriptions as I went along because I found that many descriptions would have to relate to previous actions and I I was setting a description a ew days later I might forget that action.}